Add security diagrams (#23978)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/security/guide/aws_fargate_config_guide.md

This guide walks you through configuring [Cloud Security Management (CSM)][3], [Application Security Management (ASM)][4], and [Cloud SIEM][5] on AWS Fargate.

> {{< img src="security/datadog_security_coverage_aws_fargate.png" alt="CSM graphic" width="90%">}}

Reviewer: Can we get a more descriptive alt text? Maybe something like...
```suggestion
{{< img src="security/datadog_security_coverage_aws_fargate.png" alt="Flow chart showing how CSM, ASM, and Cloud SIEM are configured on AWS Fargate" width="90%">}}
```

Author: Whoops. I completely forgot to update that. Thanks for catching it.
